Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[♪♪]
[Lauren]
For this week's video post.
we should explore exercise hacks
you can do at your desk--
how to get your heart rate going
even while you're on the clock.
It might be time
to update the blog
with a few more healthy recipes
for women on the go.
[♪♪]
And let's think about
adding a podcast segment
for ways we can look
and feel more put together.
even when we're always
running out the door.
[Sadie. digital concierge]
It is 8:00 a.m.
Your order is ready.
Morning.
Your new order-ahead app
is my new best friend.
Tipped you there.
-Good morning!
-Morning. Chels.
Are the latest numbers in?
Yes. The brand's had
another great week.
Our follower count's up
on the blog. vlog. and podcast.
Oh. and we've had
over 5.000 unique downloads
just from this morning.
Oh. wow. I bet
it's that blog that went viral
about doing your laundry right?
"What you can accomplish
with a bag of quarters.
no Wi-Fi.
and a vending machine."
[chuckles] Oh.
Sadie. remind me to look into
self-folding laundry.
[Sadie]
I will remind you.
Uh. or your human assistant
could just remind you as well.
Okay. So.
we've got our staff meeting
at 9:00 a.m..
and then we've got
a mini-meditation at 9:45.
Okay.
At 10:30.
I've got content review.
and then I have you answering
your follower questions
between 11:30 and 12:00.
which gives you just enough time
to grab a smoothie
right before
we put you in the cab
for your big meeting
with Barbara.
[exhales deeply]
I can't believe
it's finally happening. Chelsea.
Me and Barbara Davrow.
in the same room.
breathing the same air.
-[sighing]
-I mean. she's the leading
self-help expert
for women of our time.
I want to make sure
that I bring in some new ideas.
just in case she asks me
what I'm working on--
although. I kind of hope
the only thing
that we'll be talking about
is her speaking tour
for the fall.
And how you're gonna be
one of her stars?
Lauren! You're a shoo-in!
You just got written up
by the New York Banner.
You're more than just a brand
about saving time now--
you're an influencer.
Did you know
three of her speakers
from last year's tour
landed major book deals.
and one even got
a talk show?
[dreamily]
Ah. I can see it all now--
The 27-Hour Day Cookbook.
The 27-Hour Day
skincare line.
a-a-athletic wear!
A... Lauren--
...a partnership
with a cruise line.
I think maybe we should just see
how the meeting goes first.
Right.
I love your enthusiasm. though.
[Chelsea giggles]
Your coffee!
Oh!
Thank you!
[♪♪]
[contractor] We'll use birch
for the new guest rooms
and bathrooms.
and poplar
for the pavilion underneath.
All locally sourced.
as stipulated.
Once you sign off.
we'll start ordering materials.
arranging for permits.
We think we'll be done
right before spring.
[woman] That's beautiful.
Perfect. in fact.
Dad's blueprints
finally coming to life.
All right. Mom.
Why don't you sign. hmm?
We're all signing this.
This expansion
and this whole place
belongs to all three of us.
We've put in the work
over 15 years.
It's not just gonna be
my name on it.
All right.
That does it. then.
Congratulations. West family.
Your retreat is about
to double in size.
[Jack] All right!
I'm glad we're getting it done.
Yeah. I gotta
get back to the guests--
watercolor class.
Oh. and I have a pile of bills
with my name on it.
Which leaves me to update
our marketing material--
but first.
I gotta fix the kitchen sink.
Oh. and. honey.
can you take the cookies out
when the timer dings?
Although. you might want
to just--
...A minute or two before?
I got you. Mom.
[♪♪]
Here we go. Dad.
Ahh. come on. Poppy.
Let's go.
We got a sink to fix.
[♪♪]
[Barbara]
Self-help is an industry
that is constantly evolving
for women.
There are more and more tools
at our disposal--
apps on your phone.
Zoom groups.
different kinds of bubble bath.
Yeah.
But what is actually helping us
get what we want?
And where we want?
Exactly.
How can we become
the women we are meant to be?
You know. Lauren.
I am absolutely taken
with your brand.
You are accessible.
encouraging--
and you are always
creating new content.
I'm 100% committed
to helping women
find ways to save time.
because it helps us
do more.
Why have 24 hours
when you can have 27?
Yes. exactly.
Now. I am looking
for female leaders
who can share
about their path
to strength. power.
and innovation.
and can guide our audiences
on their own journeys
to being their best.
Well. I would love to join you
in that mission. Barbara.
It will be very demanding.
but be very rewarding. too.
Tell me this.
What have you done
with all this...
time that you've saved?
Oh. I put it right back
into the brand.
I use it to keep doing more.
Because. like you say.
we should pursue what we love.
and not let anything
slow us down.
Ah. which is not to say
that we should
never slow down.
When is the last time
that you took a day off
for self-care?
Even an afternoon?
I had a teeth cleaning
last week.
[Barbara's words catch]
Yeah. it was a-- it was
a really nice break.
Although I did use it
to brush up
on some conversational French.
It was one of those
learn-a-language apps.
I have a folder for them
on my phone--
Yes.
Lauren. you are very passionate.
and that's wonderful.
but I also know
how easy it is to. well.
lose yourself in the business
and forget about
work/life balance.
Burnout.
We can't be at our best
and help somebody else
become their mightiest.
if we aren't.
Well. all due respect.
but I believe
that I am at my best when I'm--
Apologies for interrupting.
Your car service
will be here shortly.
Thank you.
So this is where
we must say our goodbyes.
I am about to head off
to my summer house
to rest. recharge.
and. well. get some of
that work/life balance back.
Okay. Uh. uh...
I-I-I just want to assure you
that I am not burnt out.
Not even close.
[exhaling heavily]
I'll tell you what.
Why don't we circle back
on this in a few weeks?
And maybe between now and then.
you'll have had some time
to put yourself first.
[stammers. words catching]
-Nice to meet you.
-Y-Yeah.
Thank you so much.
It's an honor.
[♪♪]
She wants me to have "balance."
I think she thinks
that all I do is work.
and I don't have anything
going on outside of it.
What? Of course you do!
You--
[whispers] Actually.
you are always working.
I know!
[groaning]
I think I really blew my chance
for the spot on the tour.
And now she's going away
for vacation. to recharge.
and-and who knows
if she's even gonna remember me
when she gets back?
Maybe you should recharge. too?
[scoffs]
Right. yeah. Just walk away.
Wait!
Disconnecting from work
could be a really good idea.
And besides.
we-we have tons of content
ready to launch
for next week.
Now might be the perfect time
for you to step away.
[dubiously] Okay.
I hear you.
I will carve out some time
this weekend
and spend an hour...
maybe half an hour--
reflecting.
[laughs] Lauren.
I think you're gonna need
a little more time than that.
What?
Okay. listen.
Why don't I just
put together a few ideas?
You know. some fun ways to get
a few days out of the city.
you know. get at that balance
that Barbara's talking about.
[gasps] Oh. Sadie--
remind me
to look into power-napping.
I don't think we've covered that
on the podcast yet. have we?
[Sadie] I will remind you.
Oh. boy.
What?
[Sadie] It is 7:00 p.m.
Call your mom.
Sadie. call Mom.
Let me guess.
You got your hair mask in.
dishwasher's running.
and dinner's in the oven?
[laughs] Well...
you're not too far off.
-How are you?
-Oh. I'm good.
I put the marigolds in today.
Oh. honey.
I can't wait for you
to get to Connecticut.
see what I got going on
in the yard.
I'm becoming
quite the gardener
in my retirement.
Hey!
How's work?
Didn't you have
that big meeting today?
I did. It went...
great.
I hope Barbara and I
will stay in touch.
She's...
She's a fan of the brand.
Who isn't?
Now. I know it hasn't been easy.
building your company--
all these years of hard work
and sacrifices.
but I think
it's paying off. honey.
Well. Mom. I'm just
following your example.
You always managed to do it all.
Oh. I don't know about that.
It's just really nice
to hear your voice.
Oh. it's nice to hear
yours. too. sweetie.
Thanks for calling me.
[♪♪]
Love you!
Love you.
[alert dings]
[Sadie] It is midnight.
Time to post your entry.
Ohh. [sighs deeply]
"Balance." Hmm?
[alert dings]
Reminder...
prep lunch for tomorrow
and unload dishwasher.
You have spin class
in five hours.
[sucks lip]
Hmm. [chuckles]
Good timing. Chelsea.
"Peace Soul Spa."
[gags]
Yoga sounds good.
"Meadowlawn Retreat."
[deep breath]
Montana.
"Book."
[exhales deeply]
[♪♪]
So you'll add in
that piece
about consolidating
office supplies?
I want to look into
cross promoting that
with a major supplier. okay?
Oh! Can you please
get back to that coffee company
about the quick-drip pods?
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Copy me on the email.
N-- Never mind. No.
I'm not going to have
access to email.
Um...
What?
Chelsea?
-Hello?
-The signal starts
to cut out
right around here.
Oh... Oh. Right.
Okay. well.
I think I tied up everything
I needed to.
[tapping thighs anxiously]
At least... I hope I did.
[♪♪]
[man] There you go.
Oh! Perfect!
Great shot!
-Thank you!
-Nice start.
Did you remember
to unplug the toaster?
Yes. And the humidifier
and the coffee pot.
[Diane] And you're sure
your folks have the number here?
They're not gonna
need to call us.
because the kids
are gonna be fine.
As long as they don't let them
eat their weight in candy bars.
[both laughing]
[♪♪]
[sighs]
[Ayla]
Welcome! And you are...?
-Lauren.
-Lauren!
Ah. yes.
What brings you
to Meadowlawn. Lauren?
Well. I just decided
I needed a break from work.
You know. just get back
some of that balance.
You'll find it easy
to disconnect here.
Putting technology aside
makes a huge difference.
That. and not having clocks.
I'm sorry.
You don't have clocks?
We encourage guests
to rise when they like.
sleep when they're tired.
eat when they're hungry.
Basically. get in touch
with their internal clocks.
-Mm.
-We do use bells.
if there's a gathering.
Bells?
We have outdoor
and crafting activities
every morning.
and free time in the afternoons.
Kitchen is always open.
although we do eat as a group
for dinner every night.
Take time to share.
get to know each other.
Reflect.
Yes! Yes. I can't wait
to jump right into all of that.
Okay. if you're ready.
I'll go ahead
and store your gadgets.
Great! Yes.
Okay.
I only brought a few things
because I knew
this would be happening. so.
Okay. And...
And...
Oh...
And... there.
Okay.
Oh. and your...
Oh! Yes.
And...
Okay.
Soon. you won't even
miss these.
-Mm-hmm.
-All right.
You're gonna be
in the Pine Room.
Upstairs. last door
at the end of the hall.
Kyle will put
your bags in there for you.
Let us know
if there is anything we can do
to make you more comfortable.
Thank you. Okay. Thanks.
Mm-hmm.
They're safe.
Don't worry.
I got it.
-[Lauren chuckles uncomfortably]
-It's okay.
[exhaling deeply]
[♪♪]
Laundry day?
Ha. More like laundry week.
now that Ayla's
on cooking duty with Mom.
What brings you by. Doc?
I had a house call
around the corner--
the Boones' dog swallowed
some of the grandkids'
sidewalk chalk.
-[chuckles]
-He's fine now.
I thought I'd drop
a few treats off for Poppy.
What's that?
[oinks]
And I found a pig.
Way to bury the lede. Paul!
She's got a little infection
on her hoof.
but I got it cleared up.
but she's gonna need
to be rehabbed for a bit
before she's fit to adopt.
Well. you know you can
rehab her here.
A pig?
When you're all about
to start construction?
I think your mom
might kill me. Jack.
[laughs]
You know. your dad almost did--
all those summers you helped out
around the office.
and nearly brought home a zoo.
Mom wouldn't be able
to resist that face.
Well. we do have a few rescues
around the house right now.
and Tilly might be glad
for the reprieve.
All right. well.
bring her on out.
We'll treat her
like one of the guests.
Sadie. please look up
beginner knitting patterns for--
[whimpers] Oh.
I'm off the grid.
[deep breath]
Okay. Uh...
Reading! Yep.
Reading...
is a nice normal
vacation activity.
Okay...
"Chapter one."
Chapter one...
No.
[thumps book down]
[grunts]
Okay.
[♪♪]
[birds singing]
[sighs contentedly]
On this very special episode
of The 27-Hour Day.
I'm calculating how many laps
it will take me
to get to my daily quota
of 10.000 steps.
No gadgets.
no pen and paper...
just a little mental math
and a beautiful day.
stretching out
in front of me.
Ooh! Ooh. ooh!
Yeah. okay. stop-stop-stop! Ooh!
What. here?
-Yeah.
-Um...
Okay. okay. Marybeth?
Hello?
Oh-- can you hear me?
[groans]
Can you hear me? Hello?
Ah! I said
I can do the Kempers' wedding.
Mother of the bride's
a real handful.
but she's my kind of handful.
if you know what I mean.
Can you hear the birds.
Marybeth?
[birds chirping and singing]
Sounds like my meditation app.
It's only a week. Lauren.
Only a week.
The fourth's time a charm.
One...
two. three...
Go! Go get it!
Go get it!
Oink.
Come on.
You need some gentle exercise.
It's gonna be good
for your foot.
Oink.
All right. Take five.
[exhales deeply]
Workaholic New Yorker. 12:00.
-Hey. there.
-Hi.
[Lauren chuckles]
I didn't realize
there was an animal component
to this retreat.
Guess they're gonna help us
be one with nature.
or learn how to meditate.
[chuckles]
Uh. no.
There's not really an... animal.
uh. element. technically.
but you're more than welcome
to hang out with them--
zero meditation required.
Huh.
Hi. I'm. uh. I'm Jack.
by the way.
I'm one of the owners here.
If you have any questions
while you're here...
I'm Lauren. Hi.
-Hi.
-Nice to mee-- uh...
[chuckling]
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. too.
If you're looking
for some trails.
there's some really nice ones
down this way.
You just keep following
the path.
-Oh.
And. uh. you know.
areas for relaxing.
quiet contemplation.
Sort of working my way up
to contemplation.
First vacation in a while?
Yeah. well. first vacation
ever. actually.
Any advice
for getting acclimated?
Not really used
to having nothing to do.
Yeah. Sure.
Breathe.
"Breathe"?
That's helpful.
You're welcome.
-Great.
-Breathe.
-Gonna work on that.
-Great.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
-Nice to meet you.
Well...
she's gonna need
some time to adjust.
Come on.
You ready now?
-[pig grunts]
-Okay. there we go!
[Jack]
Hello. everybody. Welcome.
We usually go around.
introduce ourselves.
I think you all know me
and. uh. my sister.
Ayla.
my mom. Sally.
Who'd like to go first?
I'll go.
Uh. I'm Lauren.
and I have only
asked my smart watch
to do three things today.
so... I'm doing great.
Uh. I don't
really like sitting still.
so here's hoping
I can embrace unplugging.
Uh. I am Diane.
and I am here
with my husband. Mike.
We have three kids.
we work at the same law firm.
and. lately. we have been
texting each other
more than actually speaking.
so we're here
to try to talk more.
-And relax.
-[laughter]
Something Diane has not
always been very good at.
uh. but I. on the other hand...
well. you'll see.
[chuckles]
Hi. everyone.
I'm Heather.
Uh. I'm an event planner
in Charleston.
I've coordinated
112 weddings this year--
a record for my company--
but I also snoozed through
part of a rehearsal dinner
last week. so...
I'm here to rest up
and craft.
Oh. I love to craft.
I'm Roger.
I'm recently retired.
which I'm still
getting used to saying.
I've been in the house
for the last three months
and I can't for the life of me
figure out what to do next.
So this is a break
from my break.
[laughter]
It's so good
to have you all here.
and you've picked
a perfect week to come--
our annual "Honey Fest"
is next Saturday night.
and everyone's
invited to attend.
Ooh.
Uh. there's a ton
of bee kitsch...
[laughter]
...but it really is top-notch.
[Ayla]
These here are journals...
for jotting down
any thoughts you're having
about being here.
or being away
from your regular routines.
They are just for you.
Thanks.
[♪♪]
[sighs]
Okay.
[knocking at door]
I hope I'm not disturbing you?
No. not at all.
Since you mentioned
you do a podcast.
I thought maybe this would be
a good alternative
to journaling.
You can record
any thoughts you have on that.
if you like.
That's so nice of you. but...
isn't this technology
against the rules?
I think
we can make an exception.
[chuckles] Thanks!
[laughs]
Okay.
[click]
Hi there.
This is Lauren
from The 27-Hour Day.
and I'm coming to you
from Springfield. Montana.
where I am taking a vacation
that I haven't scheduled
down to the hour.
or turned into
a strategically-planned
long weekend.
No.
[buzz of crickets chirping]
I'm...
actually
in the middle of a forest...
...totally disconnected.
And I'm kinda scared.
[Jack] All right. all right.
[rooster crowing]
Here we are. Okay.
[horse whinnies]
Yes!
No.
What are you looking at?
If it's so easy.
why don't you try?
[Poppy whines]
That's what I thought.
Exactly.
[chuckles]
Good morning.
Hey. Morning.
No weights this morning?
Nope.
Just taking a quite stroll.
as part of
my leisurely morning.
Leisurely. huh?
Well. I heard
somebody else up at 5:30 a.m.
I'm guessing it wasn't you?
Okay. so. I maybe
did a yoga routine
when I first woke up.
And then
I tried to knit a little.
then I wrote a few postcards
that I picked up at the airport.
but it was all very relaxing!
It's exactly what I wanted to do
for the last few hours.
Sounds like it.
You know. if you add
a little duct tape
to the end of that.
it'll grab the light faster.
Helpful hints
are kind of my thing.
[Jack chuckles]
Let's see
if this is gonna work.
Imagine if this works.
[chuckles skeptically]
[stops chuckling]
'Kay. it works.
I had the best sleep of my life
last night--
no kids. no alarm clock.
I only woke up once.
thinking I'd forgotten
to put in the silverware count
for the Semples' wedding.
but they got married
ages ago. so.
Is anyone else
hearing emails come in.
and then forgetting that
you have no way to check them?
Totally!
Is it terrible
that I miss that sound?
Not as terrible
as missing your bridezillas.
I've been doing this
long enough.
I seem to speak
their language.
Oh!
Leave it to me
to ruin my new dress.
-Oh. no.
-Oh. don't worry.
I'm an expert in stains.
When we get back to the house.
I have a hack for you.
-Hmm!
-"Have a..."
-Lauren?
-Mm-hmm?
Are you Lauren Garrett?
Yes.
[quietly] Oh. my god.
[whispering]
It's Lauren Garrett.
The 27-Hour Day!
-I love your podcast.
-Oh.
Your tips have
helped me so much
as an event planner.
you have no idea.
Her episodes. oh. they are
all about saving time.
multi-tasking.
and making the most
of a few minutes.
I'm a devoted listener!
I'm so glad
my advice has been helpful.
I mean.
that's why I do what I do.
Wow. Sounds like
I need to start listening.
Do you ever run out of ideas?
Not yet.
Wow. Lauren.
You are one prolific
berry-picker.
Uh. is this too many?
Oh. no. no. no.
Pick as many as you want.
Although there aren't any awards
at the end.
-[chuckles uncomfortably]
-Just lots of pie.
Hey. guys.
there's some more over there.
Oh. okay. Yeah.
Tell me more.
[Heather] Ask her
all the questions
and she has all the answers.
[to self]
Slow down. Lauren.
[Heather]
I want to keep exploring
this concept of relaxation.
Maybe put that gorgeous tub
in my room to good use.
-Oh!
-How about you. Lauren?
Any plans this afternoon?
I haven't decided
what I'm gonna do. actually.
Well. it's perfect weather
to go out on the lake.
That is. if that's something
you want to do.
[Sally] Contractor confirmed
for 2:00 today.
[blueprints rustling]
We are gonna need to up
our advertising in the fall.
This place needs
to be at full capacity
when they construction's done.
Even with the backing
of our investors.
I think we're gonna need
full-time help
once this is done.
not just here and there.
If we hire more staff.
it will require more money.
I'm trying to stretch
every dollar of this investment.
Which we should be.
But if we're overwhelmed.
we won't be a good example
for our guests.
Let's start with part-time.
We'll make it happen.
Let's not worry. Deal?
[sighing heavily]
Deal.
[♪♪]
[exhales contentedly]
Are you trying to find time
to explore the great outdoors.
and do some pleasure reading?
Well. I have a hack for you.
Lock away your watch.
find a canoe.
and head out into the water.
with your new title.
Today. I'm paddling
with " Running the World
and Not Sorry About It--
Today's Top
Female Entrepreneurs."
Join me.
[giggles]
[♪♪]
What?
No!
How did I even do that?
[groans] No!
Okay.
Uh...
Oh.
[Jack] You got a hack
for canoeing without a paddle?
I do not.
But if you'd given me
a few more minutes.
I assure you
that I would have.
[sighs]
This is what I get for
losing myself in a good book.
You don't want to just
leave me out here.
to teach me a lesson
about quiet contemplation?
You know. I thought about it...
but you might get sunburned.
-Oh.
-Yeah.
That must be
a pretty engrossing book.
Uh... [chuckles]
It is. it's about the habits
of highly-successful
female entrepreneurs.
There must be a chapter
about making time to relax?
You know. I haven't gotten
to that yet.
Well. you're in for a treat.
Does it bother you
that I like to get things done?
No. Not at all.
I just hope you're doing things
because you like them.
and not just to cross them
off your list.
Don't get too caught up
in that book. all right?
We're having something
really good for dinner.
[♪♪]
[line rings]
[ringing]
And in proximity to the creek.
do you think it would be okay...
Sorry. guys.
One second.
...plant a vegetable garden.
around here?
Yeah! You could have
a nice little....
Lowell. Hey!
So. you're gonna send me
those signed copies
of the agreement?
Listen. pal.
I'm really sorry.
Our deal isn't exactly closed.
What do you mean
it's not closed?
I thought the deal was done.
I mean. we're starting
construction over here.
This other property's come up
that the partners
are interested in.
Any way you can come in.
give a presentation
this Thursday?
Yeah. Yeah. no. Of course.
That's great. Jack.
I'll see you Thursday.
[thunder rumbling]
[Ayla] So. we like to ask
a question before dinner.
just to learn more
about each other.
There are no wrong answers here.
Are you sure about that?
-[laughter]
-There's no judgment. I promise.
If you had an afternoon
to do anything.
what would it be?
Drink coffee in Paris.
Watch a bluegrass concert.
Go on a safari.
Play soccer with our kids.
-Get a pedicure.
-What?
Okay. I changed mine.
Mike and I have a picnic--
just the two of us.
[Heather] Mine's easy.
I go to a craft show.
early entry.
I'd take an architectural tour.
explore part of a city
I've never seen.
Ooh. there are so many things
I could do
with a free afternoon.
I would go visit my mom...
and we'd just sit on the porch
and talk.
It's been a long time
since I've done that.
That's a nice answer.
[♪♪]
[Mike comments indistinctly]
[Diane] Not true!
Okay. maybe sometimes.
[laughter]
[Ayla] Oh. nice move. Mom!
Hey there.
Hi.
Board games
not your thing. either?
Ah. not really.
I take it you'd rather knit?
Oh. this?
No. This is just a ruse.
I'm about to use these needles
to break into the tech safe.
check my email.
read a few articles I bookmarked
about speedy blenders.
[Jack laughs]
Well. I'm about
to go do this thing
that I think
you might like. too.
Which is?
Come with me.
Hammocks?
This is your coveted activity?
Don't knock it
till you try it.
Take your pick.
I pick that one.
Okay.
Okay. this is
actually pretty great.
Just sink in
and look at the stars.
[Lauren breathes deeply.
exhales]
[♪♪]
[laughs] You thought I went
right to sleep. didn't you?
[both chuckling]
[Jack] You do look
8% more relaxed
than when you got here.
What? Only 8%?
There's still a few more days
to work on it.
[Jack chuckles]
[Jack exhales deeply]
I should go
check on the pig.
'Kay.
Hey. Jack?
Thanks.
[♪♪]
Now. I know we only have
one morning for this.
not months and months.
but that is also
the beauty of this activity...
[both chuckling]
...to capture whatever
you see in the moment.
You can be
abstract...
Mm-hmm.
...or more realistic.
You can use all the colors.
or just one.
Truly. it's whatever
speaks to you.
-[paper rustles]
-Oh. Lauren--
Is everything all right?
I'm really not trying to be
an assembly line. I promise.
I just... I can't get
the picture how I want it.
Well. you don't have to include
every part of the scene.
unless you want to.
Maybe start smaller?
Okay.
Do you have
any more brushes?
Yes. Diane.
Okay.
I'm just going to paint
the tree.
Just giving the tree its moment.
So I have the yellow potentillas
along this side.
and those rows of willows
your mom wanted for shade.
Might need to dial things back
a little bit.
Can we do the willows
in a second wave.
do these sections
in increments?
Sure. I can reorganize
the estimate.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. No. everything's great.
Although. maybe
we can keep these plans
between you and me
for the time being?
As long as
there's no dirt on opening day.
we will be golden.
Hmm. Absolutely.
And I'm sure Hugh West
wouldn't have stood for that.
[chuckles] Yeah.
You were gonna be a doctor.
weren't you?
A vet. actually.
I did my first year
of grad school at Cornell.
then Dad got sick.
I came back home.
Mom wasn't in great shape.
Ayla was still in high school.
It was supposed
to be temporary.
Well. I have to hand it to you.
after all these years.
you're all
still in business.
And. uh.
you're still expanding--
like your dad wanted.
I know he'd really be proud.
Yeah.
That's the hope.
[Lauren] Roger. that's lovely.
[Roger] Thank you.
I've never painted before.
but I really enjoyed it.
You said you recently retired.
What did you do before?
I was an investment banker
for 30 years.
up until my company
got bought out.
Ah. so. you didn't
exactly choose to retire?
I thought about
going somewhere else.
but I worked so hard
for so long.
I figured maybe I should retire.
Start playing golf.
traveling--
things I always meant to do.
But I haven't done
any of those things.
Hmm...
When you put so much
of yourself into your job.
and then it's gone.
you feel a little lost.
Lauren Garrett.
founder of The 27-Hour Day.
was recently seen
throwing her knitting needles
into a closet
after realizing she doesn't
actually like to knit.
Yes. I am talking to myself.
Hello.
Squeak. squeak.
Hey there.
-Hi!
-Hey.
I realized I didn't ask you
what its name is.
Ah. she doesn't have one yet.
If I name the animals.
it's harder to let them go.
And besides. some kid's
just gonna name her
"Marshmallow"
or "Bubble Gum."
Oh.
She's a guest here.
just like me.
Mm-hmm. Just here until
her little hoof gets better.
and she's ready to adopt.
You interested?
Oh. Well...
my super might have
a problem with it.
considering there are no pets
allowed in my building.
but I don't know.
she's pretty cute.
[oinking]
She is.
Do you want to give fetch
another go with me?
Sure. Yeah.
Yeah? Okay.
[piglet snorting]
Go get it. Go get it!
[oinking]
[Lauren] Try it again.
[Jack] Hey!
[piglet grunting]
[♪♪]
[Jack] Yes. yes.
I think she's getting it.
I think she is!
You seem like an animal person.
-Me?
-Yeah.
No! [laughs]
No. I don't have
the right energy for animals.
I'm not patient enough.
You are with her.
Well. what about you?
You have a heavy
animal-whisperer vibe going on.
Well. I like animals around.
I think you're a nurturer.
You like to help others.
[laughs]
I prefer
"heavy animal-whisperer."
[Lauren laughs]
[Heather] Lauren!
Lauren!
I found a couple hammocks!
Do you want to check them out.
gossip about celebrity weddings
with me?
[laughs] Sure.
Yes! Come on!
I'll leave you two
to some quality alone time.
[laughing]
[♪♪]
[exhales deeply]
-[footsteps]
-Hi.
Hey.
That hammock
is pretty good. huh?
It's pretty nice.
My mom wanted to wake you up.
but I figured
you could use the rest.
Mm.
[plate thuds on counter]
-Wh...
-There you go.
-[foil crinkles]
-Thank you!
Uh...
do you always load
the dishwasher that way?
Maybe.
Why?
It's exactly
how I load the dishwasher
and even a bit little "Type A."
[bangs door shut]
I just didn't
expect that from you.
I am totally chill. okay?
I just like things done
a certain way.
Ah.
So maybe we're a little more
similar than we thought.
[chuckling]
Well. I looked up
your website.
and you're an expert
in efficiency.
I am.
Since I was 12 years old.
You've been this way
since you were 12?
[laughs] Yeah. pretty much.
After my dad passed away.
my mom had to go back to work.
then she was
going to school at night.
so. seemed like.
all of a sudden.
there was so much to do.
and not enough time to do it.
so I started looking
for little ways I could help--
you know. setting the table
before I went bed.
filling the coffee pot.
timing chores to last exactly
the length of a load of laundry.
So you really needed that nap.
[both laughing]
You know what?
I think I'm gonna dig into
my secret ice-cream stash.
I might even be in the mood
for sharing.
even though you mocked
my dishwasher technique.
I wasn't mocking.
I was admiring.
And thank you.
but I'm not the type of person
who hones in on someone else's
secret ice-cream stash.
Huckleberry
with pie pieces.
It's a Montana specialty.
[fork clatters]
Dessert for dinner?
I can get behind that.
Uh...
you know. I actually have
a hack--
...Hack for this?
[chuckles self-consciously]
Oh. never mind.
I mean. it's not like
we're in a hurry anyway.
Oh. No. we're not.
[exhales deeply
as fork bangs counter]
Oh. my-- [mumbles]
...give it here.
Yeah. take it.
-Okay.
-But don't really take it.
It's my ice cream.
It's gone.
I've taken it.
It's too late for you.
[♪♪]
Good morning.
Oh! Good morning.
Wow.
Is that going to be here?
Yeah. Yeah. we got
four new guest cottages.
and a pavilion for events.
Jack has
a last-minute presentation
for our investors
and wanted a visual.
so I told him
I'd mock up a model.
Well. it looks fantastic.
Thank you.
Kyle already had to run out
and get more glue.
Have you two
been together long?
Ah. yeah.
just the last couple years.
But we've known each other
since high school.
Once he started working for us.
we just kind of
fell into things.
What about you?
Are you seeing anyone?
Oh. my dating life
is pretty much non-existent.
Turns out that asking a guy
to go grocery shopping together
is not a recipe for romance.
Sounds like Jack.
who is actually
allergic to dating.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah. he's decided
he's married to the retreat.
no matter how much
Mom and I push him
to give
a relationship a chance.
He's stubborn like that.
Yeah. [laughs]
I mean. not that I know him well
or anything. it's just...
I could see that.
[♪♪]
Oh. look at the...
little wheelbarrow
you put over here. yeah.
What made you decide
to come out here. Lauren?
I know it must have been hard
for you to take a break.
Well. actually. I had a meeting
with Barbara Davrow.
Barbara Davrow?
The Barbara Dav...?
-Shh! Yes.
Oh! Tell me!
I was really hoping
that she would invite me
to join her speaking tour
this fall--
[gasps]
...but. instead.
she thought that I needed
to work on my "balance."
and not make everything
all about work.
Oh...
Yeah. So here I am.
It's so hard. isn't it?
Giving our careers
anything less than 150%
can make us seem like
we're not invested enough.
Of course.
it's easy to forget
about the rest of life
waiting for us.
I have two little nieces
that I adore
I haven't seen in...
a year?
I know we both love
what we do.
but I think
a reset was in order.
Now can you tell me everything
about Barbara Davrow?
-[laughing]
-[footsteps]
-Start from the beginning.
-Oh. hi. guys.
[overlapping] Hi!
-We got some cheese!
-And crackers!
[♪♪]
[oinking]
[Jack. blurts] No!
Go on. get out of here!
What is it?
I must have kept the gate
to the pen open.
The pig knocked the table over.
and turned this
into a fun obstacle course.
I can't tell Ayla
this got ruined.
She did it up for me so fast.
I have the meeting
tomorrow morning.
I can help you fix it.
[laughs] No. Lauren.
Seriously.
I can put things together
in half the time
it should normally take.
It's literally
my area of expertise.
You're a guest here.
You're supposed
to be reflecting.
not doing damage control.
If I do any more reflecting.
I'm gonna turn into a mirror.
[chuckles]
Put my "Type A" tendencies
to work.
[Jack sighs]
Okay.
I gratefully accept.
Where do we start?
Breathe.
[♪♪]
Almost perfect.
The roof on that one
is still a little crooked.
so just don't let anyone
get too close.
You hear that?
[snorting]
Stay outta here.
-[piglet snorts]
-[Lauren chuckles]
So. your meeting's
tomorrow morning?
Yeah. Yeah. it's just a...
kind of formality
with the Helena investors.
Well. good luck.
Thank you.
Hey. do you. uh.
do want to grab a--
a drink with me.
just as a "thank you"?
I think I could fit that in.
[clink]
It's from a batch
that Ayla and Kyle made
last summer.
How very artisanal.
Mm-hmm.
There's probably a reason
why it was stored in the barn.
[laughs loudly]
So sorry!
I didn't want to say anything.
No. I'm sorry. Ugh!
I'm sorry.
-It's terrible.
-Terrible.
[laughing]
Did you grow up here?
On the property. I mean?
Yeah. since Ayla was born.
The four of us.
we would go hiking. camping.
swimming in the lake.
My dad. he worked
a pretty stressful sales job.
He retired early
after a health scare.
He convinced my mom
to turn this place
into a retreat.
where people could come unwind.
slow down...
take advantage
of how beautiful it is.
It's just a shame
that he only got
to experience it
for about a year
before he passed.
He had big plans
for this place.
So...
now his mission falls to you?
Yeah.
I've definitely been
carrying on Dad's dream.
Sometimes.
I can't remember what...
what's his vision.
and what's mine.
Well. your dad
was definitely onto something.
I mean. I know I've gotten
a lot from my days here.
Oh. yeah?
[deep breath]
Like. uh. helping me
salvage a 3-D model?
[laughs] Yes.
I'm getting to know myself
again and...
[sighs deeply]
...for that. I could not
be more grateful.
A toast... to your dad.
And to the future
of the retreat--
may you dazzle
your investors tomorrow.
To Dad...
and all the people that
came through because of him...
may none of them
drink this wine.
[both laughing
as glasses clink]
Cheers to that.
[Jack] Cheers to that!
Can't remember
if it's Tuesday or Wednesday.
and... [chuckles]
I don't really mind.
I'm developing
real friendships here.
including one with Jack.
All these feelings
are coming up.
I haven't felt them
in a long time.
This... quiet.
stillness...
it's making me more open.
more perceptive.
More alive.
And I think I want
the rest of my life
to feel like this.
[Lauren. laughing] Hi!
You're doing so good!
Oh! Now-- Now are we racing?
Okay. let's go.
[Tilly] Afternoon!
Hi!
[door bangs]
Looks like she's ready
for her big photo shoot.
She sure is!
I'm Tilly.
My husband and I own
the veterinary practice in town.
Hi! I'm Lauren.
I'm a guest here for the week.
How are you
enjoying Meadowlawn?
I love it.
It's so special here.
and. plus. it's been amazing
getting to know the Wests.
They're dear friends of ours.
We've known the kids
since they were tiny.
You know. Jack used to follow
my husband around at the office
before he could tie his shoes.
[Tilly laughs]
You know. for a while.
we thought he might even
join the practice.
Really? How do you mean?
His folks wanted him
to finish vet school.
but Jack came home
when Hugh got sick.
and he jumped into the business
without hesitation.
Oh.
I guess that's how
life goes sometimes.
Right.
Oh! I came to get
pictures of her
for her adoption flyer!
Of course.
There you go.
That's a very sporting
little sash!
Come with Tilly.
[♪♪]
[elevator bell dings]
Jack. Hey.
You're gonna nail this. buddy.
That's the plan.
Everyone remember Jack West?
From Meadowlawn?
Thank you.
Hi. everybody.
If you could open your packets--
let's get started.
[♪♪]
[Lauren] Mm! Mm.
Be still my heart.
Mm! You know. I never stopped
for samples before.
-Hmm?
-It's kind of a game-changer.
Oh. Hold the phone.
Is that quilting fabric
over there?
[gasps]
If you're not back in 10.
I'm coming after you.
Hey. Jack! How are you. buddy?
-Good. How are you?
-Good. good. good.
Lauren!
Hey.
Hey! You look nice.
Thank you.
How was your meeting?
It was great.
Ended up ending early.
so I thought I'd join you guys
in the kitchen.
Really?
What? I'm actually
a pretty good cook.
No. I believe you.
I'm just gonna have to try
to keep up with you.
I'll try not
to leave you behind.
[Diane] That's perfect.
You are.
Those brownies
are gonna be amazing.
Thank you.
[♪♪]
How's it going over there?
It's going well.
Good.
Didn't realize
this was a race.
Oh. it's not.
Uh. I'm just choosing
not to spend quality time
with every single tomato.
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey!
I'm just gonna help you out.
just a little bit.
so we can finish
before ski season.
[♪♪]
You're welcome to copy
my technique.
if you want.
It's okay.
I prefer measured
and precise.
-Thank you very much.
-Oh. that's so weird.
I prefer
a normal human speed. so...
All right. everybody.
Break time.
You mean "leave the kitchen"?
A watched pot never boils.
Besides. we need some fresh air.
You're thinking
about cleaning up.
No.
And how much time
you could save?
Well. I just-- I just have
a few suggestions. that's all.
Walk away.
Let's go have some fun.
Oh. Yeah. Okay. Okay!
Okay. everybody!
Pretty easy game.
Mm-hmm?
[clank]
[laughter]
Don't be intimidated
by my skill level.
This is gonna be
a fierce game.
Oh. you.
You-- go. go. go. go. go.
Oh. Okay.
Uh... you're a tough act
to follow. Jack.
but I'll give it a shot.
Uh...
okay.
[clank-thud]
Ooh! Not bad. honey!
-Yeah. not bad.
-Ahem!
Oh! We got a challenger.
people!
-Ha-ha!
-Look at that curve.
[laughter]
I saw that.
Yeah. she's been practicing.
-Oh!
-[laughter]
A little form here.
Oh!
Looks like I have
some stiff competition.
[all chuckling]
Okay. okay.
-All right.
-Okay.
Now. remember what I did...
and don't do that.
[laughter]
-Okay.
-[loud beeping]
Is that chirping a phone?
[beeping]
-[gasping collectively]
-Oh! Oh-oh!
No. no. no. no. no!
No. no. Nope!
-[clang]
-[gasps]
-[beeping]
-Oh. boy!
Oh. my goodness!
Ah! Open! Ooh...
[all groaning]
[sadder groaning]
Don't look!
All that butter gone...
-[thud]
-Ooh...
We must not
have heard the timer go off.
You guys?
I'm sure we can
whip up a replacement
with stuff
we already have here.
Quick-and-easy potluck recipes
do happen to be
one of my specialties.
Yeah?
Let's get started.
Yay!
So. all we needed
was the peanut butter.
a little sugar. milk. butter.
a bit of cornstarch...
and...
chocolate chips--
Mm!
And voila. we have
chocolate-peanut butter pudding.
Oh! No.
It has to chill first and--
Oh. my goodness.
That is delicious.
Right?
[all clamoring for a taste]
No. No.
It has to sit in the fridge
for one hour.
Patience is a virtue.
[laughter]
-Okay.
-Here. let me get that for you.
Okay.
Wow.
[Jack inhales deeply]
Ooh...
-Oh. sorry.
-Uh... I'm sorry.
[♪♪]
Well. I think a "thanks"
is in order.
to the West family.
for making all of this happen.
and to Lauren.
for your quick-and-easy
dessert save!
[overlapping] Hear. hear!
-Cheers.
This is some fine cooking.
Are these all family recipes?
Yeah. something like that.
And a few we've picked up
along the way.
Hey. is the recipe
for this pudding
still on your blog. Lauren?
[Lauren]
It's actually my mom's recipe.
Although she didn't make it
to save time--
she just had good ideas.
I can send it to you?
Oh. that would be great.
Di and I are gonna make it
with the kids.
Yeah.
You okay?
Oh. Sure. Yeah.
[piglet squeals and oinks]
[♪♪]
It's a... pig.
[piglet oinks]
Jack? Hon'?
We can see you now.
Here we go!
Let's do this.
[piglet grunting and snorting]
You all break ground
on the new addition?
[groans]
Soon.
Although. we're still waiting
to hear from the investors.
to see if the deal's
officially closed.
Turns out it's between us
and some huge resort
in Billings...
which we should keep between us.
until I get an answer.
We'll be keeping
our fingers crossed.
Thanks.
And this little lady
is good to go.
I'll even do
her first check-up for free.
whoever adopts her.
Oh. that's great.
We're thinking
about announcing the adoption
tomorrow at The Honey Fest.
There's gonna be
a lot of families there. so.
Oh. perfect.
We'll see you then.
Okay. Thanks. Doc.
[Jack] Look at that.
Yeah. that was easy. huh?
Tilly. could you
give Floyd a call
before the next patient.
and ask him to come in
another day next week?
÷Tilly] I'll try.
Thanks again for your help
on this one. Jack.
Of course.
I thought Floyd retired?
He did.
Come on.
Marisa moved an hour away.
Paul's so busy. he's been
begging them to come in
for a day here or there.
but what we really need
is another vet.
It wasn't so long ago
we thought we'd have you.
That was a million years ago.
Well. you don't forget
when somebody finishes
at the top of their class
in animal sciences.
I guess I should be glad
someone remembers.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks for getting us
in early. okay?
Always.
[♪♪]
-Guitar. huh?
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
I was in a cover band
in college.
so if you want
to harmonize later.
I'm your guy.
-Sure!
-Yeah.
FYI-- I didn't marry him
for his musical talent.
Okay!
First camping trip?
Not by a long shot.
You are looking at
Junebug Camp's
"Camper of the Week."
three summers running.
My counselor
was particularly impressed
by how well I rolled up
my sleeping bag.
Surprising.
[Lauren chuckles]
[Sally] Have a good time!
Thanks. Mom. You too.
Almost there.
[gasping]
[♪♪]
Wow.
Great spot. huh?
It was my dad's favorite.
Okay! Why don't the guys
get the tents set up.
I'll get
the cook station going.
and. ladies. you can
grab us some kindling?
Ooh. I did a forest-themed
wedding last year.
and I can pick up sticks
like it's nobody's business.
We are on it!
All right. fellas.
Guess we should
set up right here.
All right.
My kids would be
so proud of me right now.
I'm so proud of myself.
I'm a long way
from my corner office.
And I'm really proud of Jack.
who usually stays at home
to work
during these camping trips.
Ahem.
[strumming guitar]
[♪♪]
We've got a good group
this week.
Yeah. we do.
They're all great.
Yeah. I haven't seen you smile
so much in. like. forever.
Well. you know. it's because
things are moving forward
with the expansion.
[whispers]
Or maybe it's because
you're actually letting yourself
like someone?
I know you don't go out
with anyone past a third date
because you think it'll
take away from the retreat.
But look at me. huh?
Even I found time
for a relationship.
Ayla. I appreciate
your concern.
but my dating life
is just fine.
[Ayla snorts]
What's so funny?
It's not "fine"!
[Jack laughs]
What do you mean.
it's not--
[strumming guitar]
Hey. guys.
[quietly] Besides...
Lauren lives in New York.
Uh...
you do know there's such a thing
as long distance. right?
-I do know that.
-I'm just saying.
[scoffs]
You're "just saying"?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
[snickering]
-I love you.
-[laughs] Love you!
[all] ♪ I'm just a-sittin'
on the dock of the bay ♪
♪ Wastin' ti-i-i-ime ♪
[belts it out]
♪ Looks like ♪
-Whoo!
-♪ Nothing's gonna change ♪
♪ Everything
Still remains the same ♪
Yeah. baby!
♪ I can't do ♪
♪ What ten people
Tell me to do ♪
♪ So I guess
I'll remain the same ♪
[quieter]
♪ Watchin' the ships roll in ♪
[others joining]
♪ Then I watch 'em ♪
♪ Roll away again ♪
♪ I'm just a-sittin'
On the dock of the bay ♪
♪ Wastin' ti-i-ime ♪
-Whoo!
-[laughing and cheering]
Ahh.
I'll clean up
and I'll see you after.
-Okay.
-Mwah.
I'll help you.
You know. Jack here
was the star
of our local musical.
-Really?
-Please.
You really have a good voice.
[feigns yawning] Oh!
-Thank you.
-Ahem.
I. uh. I think
I'm gonna turn in.
-All right.
-See you in the morning.
-Goodnight.
'Night.
You know. you and your mom
and Ayla should have a podcast.
[laughs]
I don't think so.
No. I'm serious.
You could talk about
all the ways
you help people unplug.
and you'd be promoting
the retreat at the same time.
Well. we wouldn't want
to give away all of our secrets.
[snickers]
Besides. you have to come here
to actually get
what it is we're doing.
You're right.
I mean. all of the burned-out
big-city. workaholic guests
like me.
they really have to be here
to experience it.
You're not like
the other guests.
I'm serious.
We've had hundreds.
Never anyone quite like you.
And definitely
no one as excited as I am
about a pet pig.
[laughs]
I don't usually come
on these camping trips.
I don't usually like
slowing down.
Well. maybe
I'm a bad influence.
Or exactly what I need.
[♪♪]
[phone rings]
-[beep]
-Lowell.
We good to go?
Listen. Jack.
I got some bad news.
We're not moving forward
with the project.
What?
-Seriously?
-We're gonna go forward
with the large project
in Billings.
No. I get it.
Yeah. it's the sure thing.
-I just couldn't convince 'em.
-All right. Thanks for the call.
Was that the contractor?
Uh. no. that's Mr. Rodriguez.
Landscaping talk.
Well. why don't you
get cleaned up
and we'll go over
those floor samples?
Give me a minute. okay?
[keys clacking]
How're we doing?
It's interesting. Jack.
I'm in a real pickle. huh?
It's not the worst pickle
I've ever seen.
I'd say your option
is to take out
a pretty substantial
business loan.
which would mean
delaying your construction.
[horse snorting]
And of course.
you'd have to get approved.
[sighing] Or?
See if you have the cash
lying around anywhere else.
[bluegrass band plays]
[♪♪]
I know. wow.
Look at this place!
We have to get some "beeware"
for the kids. honey.
Only if you and I
get some. too.
Done!
Let's do it.
Uh-oh.
I know those are calling to you.
Oh...
I only have so much room
in my suitcase.
but maybe they can ship.
[♪♪]
[band finishes with a flourish]
Happy Honey Fest. everyone!
[cheering]
It's a Springfield tradition
close to my family's heart.
and as some of you might know.
my dad. Hugh. helped organize
this event almost 30 years ago.
It's amazing to see how much
it's grown every year since.
Uh. before I forget.
with her efforts to raise money
for the animal shelter.
go see Tilly Ladd
and buy some
of her beeswax candles
before she sells out!
[crowd applauds]
Now for the real reason
why I'm up here.
This little pig here
is up for adoption.
[crowd gushes]
Aww!
She loves
people. eating. napping.
even playing fetch.
She's... curious.
so she's gonna need
a little bit of supervision.
but she's really sweet.
If anybody wants to adopt her.
come talk to me.
because we're trying to find her
a good home.
And now.
I'm gonna give up the mic
to my sister. Ayla West--
-Oh!
-...who's gonna join the band
on guitar!
[♪♪]
You having a good time?
Well. I have bought gifts
for everyone in my office.
Uh. I have eaten my weight
in fudge.
I prevented Heather
from buying a suitcase
full of bee-themed votives.
So. yes. I'm having
a great time.
Well. it's your last day.
You have to eat all the fudge.
right?
-Right.
-Yeah.
[man] Excuse me?
Yes?
Can we talk to you
about the pig?
I know someone
who's very interested.
[laughing] 'Kay!
-I'll be back. okay?
-Okay.
Yeah. guys.
[♪♪]
Hey there.
Hey!
Everything settled
with the pig?
Yes. They're gonna
pick her up tomorrow.
Mm. Do they have
a name picked out yet?
I have a strong feeling
it's gonna be "Honey."
Of course.
You want to dance?
Uh... I tend to prefer
more structured dancing--
you know.
like "The Electric Slide."
Just meet me in the middle.
[chuckles]
[♪♪]
See?
It's not that bad.
[Lauren chuckles]
Mm.
It's not bad at all.
[♪♪]
I want to ask you a question.
Yeah.
[♪♪]
[laughing]
Barbara?
[laughs]
I'm sorry.
I'll be-- I'll be right back.
Okay.
[♪♪]
Yes. so. my summer house
is 20 miles north from here.
I come down to Honey Fest
every summer.
I think it's quite interesting
how paths cross so unexpectedly.
Seeing you here now.
it's like a decade has passed
since our meeting in New York.
You had a good week?
[deep breath. sigh]
It's been invaluable.
I have had a chance to breathe.
[laughs]
I finally understand
what you meant by balance.
Mm-hmm.
I've gotten
to know myself again.
And that person is...?
Someone who always
wants to help.
even if my intentions
come across
as a little pushy sometimes.
[laughs]
It turns out
I am really not
into knitting.
Oh! [laughs]
Imagine if you had
had two weeks.
how much more
you would know yourself.
Mm.
I have to say.
I am really glad
that it was
a meaningful experience for you.
And I'm also very surprised
that you took my words--
to find "you time"--
so seriously.
Very impressive.
Honestly. I can't wait
to get back home
and see what this "new life"
looks like.
Tell you what.
Why don't you give me a call
when you're settled in New York?
We can talk about the tour.
That's my direct line.
Uh. yes. Of course.
I would love that.
All right.
You enjoy the festival.
You too.
[♪♪]
I didn't know
you knew the great
Barbara Davrow as well.
I can't believe you know
Barbara Davrow personally.
Yeah. she's kind of like
our mega-famous neighbor
that shows up every summer
to buy honey.
No big deal.
I think she's gonna ask me
to join her speaking tour
this fall.
Really?
It would be a huge step
for my brand--
just a launching pad
for my career.
That's amazing.
It would also mean
going back to work at 300%--
delaying all of these changes
I want to make in my life.
and missing
my mom's 70th birthday.
But it's what I've been
working towards for...
forever.
Seems like you have
a tough decision to make.
I will...
if she actually asks.
because now
there's the Lauren I was.
and there's
the Lauren I want to be.
I should never have
showed you that hammock.
[both laughing]
Hey. Jack.
Have you ever thought
about going back to vet school?
What?
[laughs] No.
Tilly mentioned it--
how you went
and then came back.
You stayed to help.
I mean...
makes a lot of sense.
That was a decision I chose
to leave behind a long time ago.
I understand the pressure
to help. the sense of duty.
I don't know
if you do. Lauren.
Of course I do!
I as the kid who made it
my mission in life
to help my mom.
I know you were that kid. too.
All I'm saying is just look
at your mom and Ayla now.
They're strong.
they're capable.
Okay. What if I did
want to be a vet?
I'm closer to 40 than I am 20.
I'd have to start
completely over.
Maybe that's
not such a bad thing.
We're about to double
the size of the retreat.
We're barely gonna be able
to juggle it all.
and. what. I'm just
supposed to walk away?
I have to be accountable here.
Can't just write a blog post
about it.
[♪♪]
Lauren.
Look. I know I've been
measuring my life by checklists.
I just don't want to see yours
pass you by.
[gravel crunching]
-Hi.
-Hi...
[♪♪]
Come on. Poppy.
Come on.
[♪♪]
Can't believe it's over.
I can't believe it either.
Oh... yikes.
I forgot all about this.
Sadie! [laughs]
[all laughing]
[Sadie]
You have 1.457 messages.
I'm gonna pretend
I didn't hear that.
Oh...
Uh. well. yeah.
it was really nice to meet you.
Yeah.
Don't be a stranger. okay?
I want updates
outside of the podcast.
-Yes.
-Yes? Okay.
-Me too.
-Yes!
-Promise?
-I promise.
We'll be in touch.
[Roger]
Good luck with your business.
and getting back into things.
Thank you so much. Roger.
and I hope you find
your next chapter.
Mm-hmm.
Bye!
Okay.
Oh. Got those.
You be a good little girl.
[piglet oinking]
You were right.
Easier that she doesn't
have a name.
I'm sorry.
I-I put you
on the spot last night.
I appreciate what you said.
If I'm being honest.
a piece of me wonders--
"What if?"
But this place.
this work...
it's my life.
You sound like me
when I first got here.
[♪♪]
I hope you'll be happy.
-Bye.
[♪♪]
Lauren?
Have a safe trip.
[door rumbles and thuds]
[♪♪]
Okay?
You be on your best behavior.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
I know it's hard for you
when the rescues leave. honey.
You know what?
That piggy's gonna be just fine.
I know about
the investment deal. Jack.
The VP from Helena
called me personally
to apologize about
the agreement falling through.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because I didn't want
to worry you.
I want to take care
of this place
and I want to take care of--
Take care of me and Ayla?
What is it that you want--
for yourself?
[♪♪]
[phone ringing]
This is Barbara.
Hi. Barbara.
It's Lauren Garrett.
I've been thinking a lot
about our conversation
last night.
and...
I feel like I need to be
completely honest with you.
[♪♪]
Lauren!
Welcome back!
How was your trip?
I want to hear everything. Ooh!
Somebody went
antique shopping.
This was a gift. actually.
I made a recording
almost every night I was away.
and I thought that.
by listening to some of them.
it might help me plan out
my goals for the week...
and moving forward.
Barbara Davrow
offered me
a spot on her speaking tour.
[words catch]
I turned it down.
Wait! What?
[incredulously]
I turned it down.
I'd thought long and hard
about what I would say
if she offered it to me.
so. when we talked last night.
I had to tell her
that I couldn't sign on
because it would mean
making sacrifices
that I'm not willing to make.
So you mean we're not
gonna have a makeup line?
This past week changed how
I want to present the brand.
Honestly. it changed
how I want to live my life.
Oh. please don't tell me
we're moving to Montana
to start a yoga studio.
I just got an apartment
with a dishwasher.
We are not moving to Montana.
And we're not
starting a yoga studio.
But...
we are gonna make
some big changes.
Even if it means starting over.
and even if our followers
don't like it.
Even if we lose
some of them?
Or... all of them?
Yes.
I am willing
to take that risk.
You know what?
Whatever happens...
...you're not
gonna lose me.
Mm!
[chuckling]
You're the best.
I know!
[laughs]
[♪♪]
Thanks so much.
Hi. Mom.
[gasps] Am I dreaming?
My daughter visiting
unannounced on a weekday?
Oh. ho. ho!
Oh. it's so good to see you.
Hope it's okay that I just
showed up without calling?
[scoffs] Are you kidding?
Come on in.
I'll put a cup of tea on
and everything.
[Lauren]
Do you have any cookies?
Is that my shortbread recipe?
It sure is.
I love it because they're fast.
you can freeze them.
and they're ready.
on a moment's notice.
in case of company.
Hey. Mom?
I wanted to come here today
to say thank you...
for working so hard
and doing so much
when I was little.
Oh. honey.
You don't have to thank me
for that.
I do.
[voice cracks]
You were like a superhero.
You...
You juggled so many demands
and you never complained.
I think I pushed myself so hard
all of these years
because I thought
that if I slowed down.
or I didn't do enough.
that I wouldn't live up
to your example.
Oh... honey.
You could never disappoint me.
Never.
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
-[Poppy barking]
-Come on.
[indistinct exchange]
Come here.
Yes.
Get that! Good girl.
[Poppy barks]
[♪♪]
[clink]
Hi. everyone.
It's Lauren.
This is an unusual episode
of The 27-Hour Day.
I'm not gonna give you advice
for saving time today.
Well... not exactly.
You see.
I've spent more than 20 years
becoming an expert
in efficiency.
I wanted to have
a time-saving tip
for every chore. every recipe.
every exercise...
but now I see
that we shouldn't always be
trying to do things faster.
just to do twice as much.
So. with that in mind.
I am rebranding
The 27-Hour Day.
I'm gonna teach myself.
and hopefully you. too.
how to save time
not just for what's efficient.
but for what's really important.
So. I'll still help you
find the makeup products
that will speed up
your morning.
but now it's because
I want you to have
more leisurely hours
to spend with your friends.
I'll help you
fold your laundry faster
so that you can have
a laughter-filled dinner
with your family...
[♪♪]
...adjust your daily routine
to fit in that newfound hobby.
that makes you feel alive.
[♪♪]
Because. in trying to help you
save time.
I may have made you
miss out on things
that could have brought you joy
or comfort
or fulfillment...
...and for that.
I am so sorry.
I recently realized
that. although my life
was full of activity.
there was nothing
that really mattered
to my heart...
like...
to really look
at the stars.
or noticing how
even a small smile
from someone
can stay with you
long after they're gone.
Or appreciating how
even strangers
can become a family.
From now on.
I want to live every moment.
We only have so much time.
which is
our most precious commodity.
so we have to use it now
and use it well.
I hope you'll join me.
[team applauds]
All right.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. Exciting.
[Sally chuckles]
All set?
Yeah. we're officially
scaled down.
Mm.
The pavilion will be up
and running in the spring.
and open for events.
No new guest rooms.
At least. for now.
I know your dad dreamed
about this expansion.
but he'd be happy
we're doing what's right for us.
And he also would
want you to have this.
[♪♪]
[quietly] It's Dad's.
Yes. it is.
[words catching]
I can't.
Yes. you can.
I am excited for you.
[chuckles]
I'm nervous.
Well. then I'll be excited
for the both of us.
We are gonna be okay.
I know you'll be.
Thank you.
[smooch]
Ahem. Hello?
Lauren! Did I wake you up?
Sorry.
I'm so used to your
Friday morning spin classes.
but I guess
those are ancient history now.
A-a-anyways!
Uh. I got our numbers back
from last week.
and they are high.
I think
we're keeping our audience.
And there's a bunch of interest
from other advertisers!
Really?
Yeah. some of them are even
talking about
partnerships.
There's a dog food company.
some "sound bath" place
in Florida...
you know what?
We'll talk about it
when you come in.
But no rush. [giggles]
That's my new catchphrase.
Do you like it?
I love it.
[chuckles]
[♪♪]
[Jack sighs]
Did you get to the part
about relaxing yet?
No. but...
I'm kind of
a leisurely reader.
Leisurely. huh?
[Lauren chuckles]
What are you doing here?
Well. I am
on my way
to the interview at Cornell
for the vet school.
Figured I'd come by
and say hello first. and...
...maybe go the zoo.
Hmm.
Your assistant thought
I might find you here.
Vet school. huh?
Well. that is.
if they accept me.
I'd still have to retake
my first-year classes.
'cause it's been a minute.
you know.
And what about the retreat?
Well. we've. uh...
cut back on the expansion
quite a bit.
Kyle's working full-time now.
and. uh...
I think I might've found
my replacement.
It turns out I know
this financial expert
who's looking
for his next chapter.
and my mom convinced him
to invest
in a family-run business.
-Roger?
-Roger.
[laughing]
Mm-hmm.
You know. you were right--
about school.
about doing what I want
while I still have the time.
You were right. too.
You should do things
because
they're truly meaningful.
not just to say
you've done them.
Does this mean
that I've inspired
a new chapter
of The 27-Hour Day?
Well...
I guess I could give you
a little credit.
"A little credit"?
[laughs]
So...
how far away
is Cornell from here?
I hear it's a quick flight--
not a lot of time
to get much done.
I could work with that.
[♪♪]